feat(session): Add `allow_reconnect()` method to control client behavior on disconnect (#2102)
posit-dev/py-shiny: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [UNRELEASED]

### New features

> * Added `session.allow_reconnect()` method to enable or disable client reconnection behavior after disconnection, similar to Shiny for R's `session$allowReconnect()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `session.allow_reconnect()` method to enable, disable, or _force_ client reconnection behavior after disconnection. (#2102)
```
